one stormy night elementary school
teacher anna had a terrible accident
a few hours later her body was taken to
the morgue and a man named elliot
started dissecting her body
he took off anna's watch and shoes then
carefully cut her blouse and socks with
scissors
cutting her red dress anna suddenly
opened her eyes she asked calmly where
am i
elliott tells her that she is dead
hearing that anna could not calm down
obviously she was still speaking how
could she be dead
elliot was not surprised at all he took
the out proof that anna was dead
anna was speechless she was proven dead
eight hours ago
but why is she still be able to talk now
elliot did not answer the question
he took the tools to continue with his
work on anna's body but anna kept
babbling
asserting that she was not dead even
though that elliot was killing her
elliott turned off the lights and left
the morgue in the dark anna was still
trying to remember whether she was alive
or dead after all
suddenly she remembered a strange thing
yesterday afternoon anna attended a
funeral of an old man
she accidentally discovered the corpse
in a coffin lightly opened her mouth
she was startled with horror anna looked
more closely and saw that the corpse was
normal
she thought she was hallucinating at
that time elliott beside her silently
realized something wasn't right
after the funeral elliott began to watch
over anna he discovered that this girl
was very angry even a small thing like
finding the car keys in her pocket also
made her gone mad
that night paul anna's boyfriend told
her he was about to be sent abroad to
work
did not wait for paul to finish speaking
anna said that he wanted to break up
with her
angrily yelled at him drove out of the
restaurant alone on a very heavy rain
a white car overtook her she drove to
avoid it when she hit a steel truck
when she woke up she found herself in
the morgue in addition
elliott showed her that she was no
longer living now anna has no choice but
to believe that she is dead
that afternoon elliott went to the
morgue continued to prepare to operate
on her
anna still thought that elliot wanted to
kill her she begged elliot not to kill
her
elliot said you're dead how can i kill
you he advised anna to accept the truth
that death is undeniable
after that elliott began to sow the
laceration on her head at which point
anna learned that she could not feel the
pain
she began to realize that she was truly
dead already after half an hour of
sewing
elliott took out the needle said that
she wanted to inject anna with a drug to
help to relax her muscles
and prevent the corpse from hardening
anna gradually lost consciousness
her mother went to the morgue to look at
her child's corpse with tears
not discovering any abnormality when
anna woke up the room went dark again
she tried to catch her pulse but could
not feel anything any beats
at that time paul came he could not
believe that the person who's speaking
with him last night after one night had
lost her life
since he was not on the family elliot
refused to let him into the room
anna heard her boyfriend's voice she
started screaming in the morgue but the
outside could not hear anything
in the end left paul left with the only
disappointment
a few minutes later elliott returned to
the morgue anna asked why she didn't let
her boyfriend in
elliot said you're dead now in other
people's eyes you're just a corpse
only i can see your soul these words
shocked anna she began to doubt
how could elliott be able to see the
world of yin and yang paul still could
not believe that his girlfriend was gone
until he went
so
of the door he lowered the room
temperature then calmly walked in
as he continues doing his thing anna
pulls out the scissors and stabs elliott
elliott dodges it taking this
opportunity anna runs to the door but
the door is locked
ilit approached anna pulling her hand to
say she could stab her throat
anna gave up she asked elliot how could
i still be able to talk if i'm dead
elliot said you can speak not because
you are still alive but because i have a
special ability
those words made anna begin to accept
that she probably really died
she began to blame her fate she angrily
smashed everything in the room
in the afternoon when elliott was
preparing a funeral for an old man a boy
came
his name is luke and a student luke
thought that this was the funeral of his
teacher
so he wanted to see her elliot tells him
that anna's funeral will be held on
friday
in the evening when elliott prepares to
go to the hospital to deliver the body
by that time anna smoothly steals
elliot's key at the gas station
elliot was about to pay before he found
out he lost the keys he immediately
returned
to the car but now anna has escaped from
the morgue when she tried to open the
door of the house when elliot returned
in time
she rushed to the second floor she went
to elliott's office and used her phone
to call paul
after listening paul thought that
someone was teasing him so he
immediately turned off the phone
seeing anna failed to call ilit
proceeded to explain she is now dead
only i can hear your voice at this
moment anna is still skeptical
so elliott opens the mirror anna looked
into the mirror only to discover that
her appearance in the mirror was no
different from a corpse
she finally believed that she was
already dead at that moment the boy luca
had just left the funeral home
suddenly seeing his dead teacher
standing in front of a second-floor
window made him panic
accepting the fact that she was dead
anna cooperated with elliott to operate
on her body
paul accepted that his girlfriend was
dead went to school to recover her
remains
boy luke went to paul he said that
yesterday he saw teacher anna at the
morgue
at that time the teacher was wearing a
red dress paul didn't believe what the
boy said because he knew anna never wore
red until he was walking on the street
he saw a red halter dress now
remembering that anna actually had a set
like this
maybe anna still hasn't died he
hurriedly drove to the morgue paul
directly rushed to the door
banged on the door to shout for anna
painfully collapsed because he
could not love each other anymore seeing
elliott not opening the door for him
paul immediately left to find the police
station to ask his friend for help
but people think that because paul is
suffering too much his mental state is
not normal
the friend gave the report of anna's
death to paul paul was even more
unpleasant because the report only
showed that the medical staff was
present at the scene of the accident
confirmed that anna's heartbeat and
blood vessels were
[Music]
so
she says that she has so many regrets in
her life she wants to try to change
something in her life
her repetitive life makes her feel
useless elliot asked anna what she
wanted to do when she was still alive
anna says that she wants to love so
badly ilit said that her boyfriend paul
really loves her
why did she not appreciate him always
got angry quarreling with him
anna replied i really love him but the
more i love him the more afraid i am
when i was a child i saw my mother being
hurt because of love
listening to that elliot understands her
he opens the door for anna to go make up
for her regrets
anna walks out of the funeral home back
to her own home
arriving at the door she was surrounded
by a bunch of witches including paul
they brought anna inside the coffin tied
her body with strange seaweed
anna screamed painfully she immediately
woke up in front of the morgue
and it turned out that she wasn't brave
enough to step out of the door anna
admits herself dead
seeming to have lost all the courage of
life thinking that death is probably the
best liberation
but elliot says you always say that you
are afraid of death but actually
you are more afraid of living in the
afternoon elliot was measuring the size
of the hole
the boy luke ran to he asked illit why
he had to bury the teacher anna was it
because she was already dead
eliot replied it's not that anna is dead
but that life has left her body
in this world there are so many people
like anna they are fierce towards
everyone
but also ferocious to themselves they
never knew how to appreciate their lives
and love
such people live only to waste other
people's space heard the convincing
answer
boy luke understands he once found a
chicken in school this chicken looks
very sick
it looked like he was unhappy maybe anna
was that chicken so luke also followed
it
burying the chicken carefully early the
next morning elliott put anna in the
coffin for her final surgery
and at the last moment anna wanted to
look at her figure for a bit
elliott brings the mirror to anna but
now anna's breath is in the mirror
she realizes that she is still breathing
it proves that she is still alive
and elliot was a murderer elliot hastily
explained that it was just anna's
hallucination he grabbed the mirror and
injected the needle into anna's neck
a few minutes later anna fell into a
coma on the funeral hall
her boyfriend gave her one last look and
he went to the coffin
put the ring he was about to propose to
her in her hand elliott was standing
next to him
he felt a little worried that paul would
found out his secret paul took anna's
hand
feeling cold at that moment he finally
believed anna was dead
paul leaned closer to the coffin after
leaving a few farewells
he kissed her on the lips and
immediately left elliott stood next to
it
breath a sigh of relief he hurriedly
closed the lid of the coffin
while everyone was burying her on the
ground elliott went to his bedroom
where he put a picture of anna on a wall
more frightening besides anna's picture
there were also many pictures of people
they were all murdered by elliot hearing
the sound of earth filling in the coffin
anna opened her mouth to scream but at
that time all her efforts were hopeless
that night at anna's parents house
elliot told paul that anna really wasn't
dead
hearing that paul could not think
immediately drove to the grave
on the road in one turn paul changed
direction for a moment he felt a flash
of light in front of his eyes
paul thought he had been in an accident
but a while later was still good
and went to the tomb opened the lid of
the coffin then picked up anna anna
finally woke up
the two people were showing love to each
other when the light suddenly flashed
paul turned to look at the car but anna
immediately disappeared it turned out
everything was paul's imagination
some hours ago he was in a coma at the
scene of the car accident
at this time paul is lying in the morgue
eliot and his disciple prepare to turn
him into a victim like anna